Be more specific regarding the cached loader. (#5754)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/performance.rst

Templates
---------

> The overhead from reading and compiling templates adds up. Django's :class:`cached template loader <django.template.loaders.cached.Loader>`: stores the compiled ``Template`` in memory and returns it for subsequent requests. Unless additional custom loaders are used, the cached loader is automatically enabled when ``DEBUG`` is ``False``. To enable it for custom loaders, use a settings like this:

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
The overhead from reading and compiling templates adds up. Django wraps its default loaders with :class:`cached template loader <django.template.loaders.cached.Loader>`: which stores the compiled ``Template`` in memory and returns it for subsequent requests. The cached loader is automatically enabled when ``DEBUG`` is ``False``. If you are using custom loaders, update your settings to use it:
```

                ('django.template.loaders.cached.Loader', [
                    'django.template.loaders.filesystem.Loader',
                    'django.template.loaders.app_directories.Loader',
                    'path.to.custom.Loader',
                ]),
            ],
        },
    }]

> 

Reviewer: I think it is worth leaving this note since specifically wrapping the loader with the cached loader will result in the caveat it describes

Author: i feel it's a bit of a tautology as it is explained well in the linked django docs, but i have no strong preference, dont mind if it stays.

Reviewer: It is, however you would be surprised how many people will overlook that!
